#EXTM3U url-tvg=https://macan.tv/xmltv.php?username=epg&password=epg




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NetTV.MACAN" tvg-name="NET." tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/xFHPJSQ/gfsh.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",NET tv
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NetTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/NetTV-HD.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Indosiar.MACAN" tvg-name="INDOSIAR" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/wcrkgfG/ETSES.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",INDOSIAR
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Indosiar/sa_dash_vmx/Indosiar.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SCTV.MACAN" tvg-name="SCTV" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/VNGfy1H/ETS.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",SCTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SCTV/sa_dash_vmx/SCTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RCTI.MACAN" tvg-name="RCTI" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/XsSHVDC/fh.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",RCTI
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="GTV.MACAN" tvg-name="GTV" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/crkQhYK/jhyf.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",GTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MNCTV.MACAN" tvg-name="MNCTV" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/pdx8Gz4/hjmg.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",MNC TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd




<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha-->
<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1-->
<!--#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/gtv.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",GTV-->
<!--https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/GlobalTV/sa_dash_vmx/GlobalTV.mpd-->




<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha-->
<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1-->
<!--#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/pdx8Gz4/hjmg.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",MNC TV-->
<!--https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV.mpd-->




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/inews.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",iNews
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Trans7.MACAN" tvg-name="TRANS 7" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/zQwF3gV/bfcsr.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",TRANS 7
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Trans7/sa_dash_vmx/Trans7.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TransTV.MACAN" tvg-name="TRANS TV" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7G18TQf/sv.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",TRANS TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/rtv.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",RTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ANTV.MACAN" tvg-name="ANTV" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Qfk95m3/jfc.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",ANTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ANTV/sa_dash_vmx/ANTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVOne.MACAN" tvg-name="TVOne" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ZmHZbbT/YETRY.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",TVOne
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/daaitv.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",DAAI TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DAAITV/sa_dash_vmx/DAAITV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/jtv.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",JTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JTV/sa_dash_vmx/JTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/jaktv.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",JAKTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/balitv.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",BALI TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BaliTV/sa_dash_vmx/BaliTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/tvri.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",TVRI
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/PemersatuBangsa/sa_dash_vmx/PemersatuBangsa.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MetroTV.MACAN" tvg-name="METRO TV" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/Tt4V9Cw/hcggh.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",METRO TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MetroTV/sa_dash_vmx/MetroTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="KOMPAS TV" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/yfPLggK/hfd.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",KOMPAS TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/bs.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",Berita Satu
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeritaSatu/sa_dash_vmx/BeritaSatu.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/bandungtv.png" group-title="HTB-Lokal",Bandung TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BandungTV/sa_dash_vmx/BandungTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/idx.png" group-title="HTB-News",IDX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="DW" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/1MjwL56/vgj.png" group-title="HTB-News",DW TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/arirang.png" group-title="HTB-News",Arirang
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Bloomberg" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/W6SJcZT/xdghf.png" group-title="HTB-News",Bloomberg
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Bloomberg/sa_dash_vmx/Bloomberg.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/euronews.png" group-title="HTB-News",EuroNews
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/EuroNews/sa_dash_vmx/EuroNews.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/cgtn.png" group-title="HTB-News", CGTN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/aljazeera.png" group-title="HTB-News",AL JAZEERA English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:- tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo=" " group-title="HTB-News",fox News
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxNews/sa_dash_vmx/FoxNews.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/cnbcasia.png" group-title="HTB-News",CNBC Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/france24.png" group-title="HTB-News",France 24
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/bbcworldnews.png" group-title="HTB-News",BBC World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/trt.png" group-title="HTB-News",TRT World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TRTWorld/sa_dash_vmx/TRTWorld.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/rt.png" group-title="HTB-News",RT English
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTEnglish/sa_dash_vmx/RTEnglish.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/abcaustralia.png" group-title="HTB-News",ABC Australia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AustraliaPlus/sa_dash_vmx/AustraliaPlus.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/cnninternational.png" group-title="HTB-News",CNN International
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/cna.png" group-title="HTB-News",Channel News Asia
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd




<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha-->
<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1-->
<!--#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/fx.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",FX-->
<!--https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FX/sa_dash_vmx/FX.mpd-->




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOFamilyHD.MACAN" tvg-name="HBO Family" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/TmGc8Tw/gxy.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",HBO Family
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOFamily2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOFamily2.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOHitsHD.MACAN" tvg-name="HBO Hits" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/pQW1JcG/xyfs.png" group-title="Movies",HBO Hits
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOHits/sa_dash_vmx/HBOHits.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOSignatureHD.MACAN" tvg-name="HBO Signature" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/zX9LRZd/BDZ.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",HBO Signature
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOSignature2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOSignature2.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://images.now-tv.com/shares/channelPreview/img/en_hk/color/ch112_160_115" group-title="HTB-Movies",HBO Family
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOFamily2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOFamily2.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.pngkey.com/png/full/850-8506219_hbo-go-hbo-hits.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",HBO Hits
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOHits/sa_dash_vmx/HBOHits.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://images.now-tv.com/shares/channelPreview/img/en_hk/color/ch114_170_122" group-title="HTB-Movies",HBO Signature
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOSignature2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOSignature2.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Hits.MACAN" tvg-name="HITS" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/86t7VBg/sgtr.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",HITS
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HITSMovies.MACAN" tvg-name="HITS Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/d7hB8xd/csw.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",HITS Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AXNHD.MACAN" tvg-name="AXN" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/HCcdS4n/jngv.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",AXN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KIX.MACAN" tvg-name="KIX" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/8jRb2YX/xgf.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",KIX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Thrill.MACAN" tvg-name="Thrill" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/h1WPmPG/VZX.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",Thrill
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="WarnerTV.MACAN" tvg-name="Warner TV" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cJLLsn0/wstgf.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",Warner TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="CinemaWorld" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/YhQFDQJ/xrg.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",Cinema World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CelestialMovies.MACAN" tvg-name="Celestial Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LYHGVNp/jbv.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",Celestial Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/ccm.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",Celestial Classic Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SCM.MACAN" tvg-name="Star Chinese Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/VWzPJQ4/FxC.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",Star Chinese Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SCM/sa_dash_vmx/SCM.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Zee.MACAN" tvg-name="ZEE Bioskop" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/V3mWChh/JJGF.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",ZEE Bioskop
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CNNInternationalAsiaPacific.us" tvg-name="CNN Internatioal" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/zx3WHbV/ASC.png" group-title="HTB-News",CNN International
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ChannelNewsAsia.MACAN" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://www.useetv.com/assets/images/channel/logogrey/grey_logo_newsasia_small.png?v=2.0.0.13" group-title="HTB-News",News Asia Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd








<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha-->
<!--#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1-->
<!--#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/fx.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",FX-->
<!--https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FX/sa_dash_vmx/FX.mpd-->








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FoxIndonesia.us" tvg-name="FOX" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/n0V45gH/zx.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",FOX HD
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxChannel/sa_dash_vmx/FoxChannel.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FoxLifeIndonesia.us" tvg-name="FOX Life" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/rZRwhqn/ngc.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",FOX Life
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/STARWorld/sa_dash_vmx/STARWorld.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FoxCrimeAsia.us" tvg-name="FOX Crime" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/mS62DC1/RDFH.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",FOX Crime HD
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxCrime/sa_dash_vmx/FoxCrime.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FoxMoviesIndonesia.us" tvg-name="FOX Movies Premium" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/y4ZwgwB/ghfr.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",FOX Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FOXMoviesPremium/sa_dash_vmx/FOXMoviesPremium.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FoxActionMovies.us" tvg-name="FOX Action Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/ngDt2ys/ht.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",FOX Action Movies HD
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxActionMovies/sa_dash_vmx/FoxActionMovies.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FoxFamilyMovies.us" tvg-name="FOX Family Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/HHzfKmP/ASDZXC.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",FOX Family Movies HD
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxFamilyMovies/sa_dash_vmx/FoxFamilyMovies.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOAsia.us" tvg-name="HBO" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/n600MdC/hbo.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",HBO HD
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/hbo-2/sa_dash_vmx/hbo-2.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOFamilyAsia.us" tvg-name="HBO Family" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/TmGc8Tw/gxy.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",HBO Family HD
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOFamily2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOFamily2.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOHits.us" tvg-name="HBO Hits" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/pQW1JcG/xyfs.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",HBO Hits HD
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOHits/sa_dash_vmx/HBOHits.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOSignatureAsia.us" tvg-name="HBO Signature" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/zX9LRZd/BDZ.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",HBO Signature HD
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOSignature2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOSignature2.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Hits.sg" tvg-name="HITS" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/86t7VBg/sgtr.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",HITS
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HitsMovies.sg" tvg-name="HITS Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/d7hB8xd/csw.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",HITS Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AXNEastAsia.us" tvg-name="AXN" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/HCcdS4n/jngv.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",AXN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Kix.hk" tvg-name="KIX" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/8jRb2YX/xgf.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",KIX
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Thrill.hk" tvg-name="Thrill" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/h1WPmPG/VZX.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",Thrill
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="WarnerTVSoutheastAsia.us" tvg-name="Warner TV" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/cJLLsn0/wstgf.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",Warner TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CinemaWorld.MACAN" tvg-name="CinemaWorld" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/YhQFDQJ/xrg.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",Cinema World
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CelestialMoviesIndonesia.hk" tvg-name="Celestial Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/LYHGVNp/jbv.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",Celestial Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="CelestialClassicMovies.hk" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://mncvision.id/userfiles/image/channel/channel_22.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",CCM
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="StarChineseMoviesSouthEastAsia.hk" tvg-name="Star Chinese Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/VWzPJQ4/FxC.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",Star Chinese Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SCM/sa_dash_vmx/SCM.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="StarChineseMoviesLegend.hk" tvg-name="SCM Legend" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/bbcBvxY/zcv.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",Star Chinese Movies Legend
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SCMlegend/sa_dash_vmx/SCMlegend.mpd




#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="FOX/HBO/Movies English dub", FOX HD
#http://93.152.174.144:4000/play/foxpt/index.m3u8
http://58.65.171.202:8000/play/3111/index.m3u8
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="" group-title="FOX/HBO/Movies English dub", FOX Life
#http://93.152.174.144:4000/play/foxlifept/index.m3u8
http://91.185.3.218:4000/play/417




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ZeeBioskop.in" tvg-name="ZEE Bioskop" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/V3mWChh/JJGF.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",ZEE Bioskop
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP








//SPORTS
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTxk46HkJ0Dbo7k4SuxRllrtfRj9F7MxlS-4g&usqp=CAU" group-title="HTB-Sports",BEIN SPORTS 1 ID
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.manifest_type=mpd 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MrBein1/sa_dash_vmx/MrBein1.mpd








#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQJpWGXpTZgLtGsmHhKZFWzurOdVtMBVCMOxw&usqp=CAU" group-title="HTB-Sports",BEIN SPORTS 2 ID
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.manifest_type=mpd 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN2s/sa_dash_vmx/BeIN2s.mpd








#EXTINF:-1 tvg-country="UN" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQnVPsWX3ZUqdJr4fn28h0kwyRqJiN_uwcEbA&usqp=CAU" group-title="HTB-Sports" ,LookSport Plus
https://stream1.1616.ro:1945/lookplus/livestream/playlist.m3u8?wowzatokenhash=NqSD4qaHc94SbTW05NBB-lXC78ZiAOIbnbUBOHj1DAM=&checkedby:iptvcat.com
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-country="UN" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQnVPsWX3ZUqdJr4fn28h0kwyRqJiN_uwcEbA&usqp=CAU" group-title="HTB-Sports" ,LookSport
https://stream1.1616.ro:1945/look/livestream/playlist.m3u8?wowzatokenhash=NqSD4qaHc94SbTW05NBB-lXC78ZiAOIbnbUBOHj1DAM=&checkedby:iptvcat.com
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-country="UN" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQnVPsWX3ZUqdJr4fn28h0kwyRqJiN_uwcEbA&usqp=CAU" group-title="HTB-Sports" ,LookSport 2
https://stream1.1616.ro:1945/looksport2/livestream/chunklist_w1538106197.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-country="UN" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQnVPsWX3ZUqdJr4fn28h0kwyRqJiN_uwcEbA&usqp=CAU" group-title="HTB-Sports" ,LookSport 3
https://stream1.1616.ro:1945/looksport3/livestream/chunklist_w64015557.m3u8




#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/28bRpyWG/download.jpg" group-title="HTB-Sports",Unifi Sports
https://unifi-live05.secureswiftcontent.com/UnifiHD/live11.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/mncsports.png" group-title="HTB-Sports",MNC Sports
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/PQQfDt9/tsh.png" group-title="HTB-Sports",Fight Sports
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/soccerchannel.png" group-title="HTB-Sports",Soccer Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CartoonNetwork.MACAN" tvg-name="Cartoon Network" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/hHCyN9t/ig.png" group-title="HTB-Kids",Cartoon Network
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CartoonNetwork/sa_dash_vmx/CartoonNetwork.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Boomerang.MACAN" tvg-name="Boomerang" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/YbKLSR1/gtfj.png" group-title="HTB-Kids",Boomerang
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Boomerang/sa_dash_vmx/Boomerang.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Animax.MACAN" tvg-name="Animax" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/jDKvSs3/CVZXS.png" group-title="HTB-Kids",Animax
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Nickelodeon.MACAN" tvg-name="Nickelodeon" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/JsWTZhx/fz.png" group-title="HTB-Kids",Nickelodeon
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Nickelodeon/sa_dash_vmx/Nickelodeon.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="" tvg-name="Cbeebies" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/YZDxCg2/ddddddd.png" group-title="HTB-Kids",Cbeebies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cbeebies/sa_dash_vmx/Cbeebies.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/kidstv.png" group-title="HTB-Kids",Kids tv
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/KidsChannel/sa_dash_vmx/KidsChannel.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/tlc.png" group-title="HTB-Lifestyle",TLC
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TLC/sa_dash_vmx/TLC.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/fmn.png" group-title="HTB-Lifestyle",FMN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/hgtv.png" group-title="HTB-Lifestyle",HGTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/lifetime.png" group-title="HTB-Lifestyle",Lifetime
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/sonyone.png" group-title="HTB-Lifestyle",Sony One
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/oktv.png" group-title="HTB-Lifestyle",OKTV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/visionprime.png" group-title="HTB-Lifestyle",Vision Prime
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/ie.png" group-title="HTB-Lifestyle",Infotainment
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/ent.png" group-title="HTB-Lifestyle",MNC Entertainment
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVN.MACAN" tvg-name="tvN" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/hFrZwVC/VSDAD.png" group-title="HTB-Entertainment",tvN
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVNMovies.MACAN" tvg-name="tvN Movies" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/WWfn1fR/XCFX.png" group-title="HTB-Entertainment",tvN Movies
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Zee Cinema" tvg-name="ZEE Cinema" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/3mKqscL/RGTS.png" group-title="HTB-Movies",ZEE Cinema
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeCinema/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeCinema.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/anhuitv.png" group-title="HTB-Entertainment",Anhui TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnhuiTV/sa_dash_vmx/AnhuiTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/hunantv.png" group-title="HTB-Entertainment",Hunan TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/HunanTV/sa_dash_vmx/HunanTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/dragontv.png" group-title="HTB-Entertainment",Dragon TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/ShanghaiDragonTV/sa_dash_vmx/ShanghaiDragonTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/jiangsutv.png" group-title="HTB-Entertainment",Jiangsu TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/JiangsuTV/sa_dash_vmx/JiangsuTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/xingxong.png" group-title="HTB-Entertainment",Xingkong TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/XingKongTV/sa_dash_vmx/XingKongTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/nhkworld.png" group-title="HTB-Entertainment",NHK World TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldTV/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/nhkpremium.png" group-title="HTB-Entertainment",NHK World Premium
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/history.png" group-title="HTB-Knowledge",History
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/cgtndoc.png" group-title="HTB-Knowledge",CGTN DOCUMENTARY
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/besmart.jpg" group-title="HTB-Knowledge",Besmart
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeSmart/sa_dash_vmx/BeSmart.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/discoverychannel.png" group-title="HTB-Knowledge",Discovery
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/Discovery/sa_dash_vmx/Discovery.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/bbcearth.png" group-title="HTB-Knowledge",BBC Earth
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth-HD/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth-HD.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/animalplanet.png" group-title="HTB-Knowledge",Animal Planet
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnimalPlanet/sa_dash_vmx/AnimalPlanet.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/ngc.png" group-title="HTB-Knowledge",Nat Geo Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/natgeowild.png" group-title="HTB-Knowledge",Nat Geo Wild
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd








#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/crimeinvestigation.png" group-title="HTB-Knowledge",Crime Investigation
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd




#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/mekkah.png" group-title="HTB-Religi",Al Quran Al Kareem
https://cllive.itworkscdn.net/ksaquranlive/token=nva=1626667651~dirs=1~hash=0ebf1903916f9c911a7a3/ksaquran.smil/ksaquran_chunks.m3u8




#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/madinah.png" group-title="HTB-Religi",AL Sunnah Nabawi
https://cllive.itworkscdn.net/ksasunnalive/token=nva=1626667649~dirs=1~hash=0e85090d9fca5627eb6bc/ksasunna.smil/ksasunna_chunks.m3u8




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/tawaf.png" group-title="HTB-Religi",Tawaf TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/TawafTV/sa_dash_vmx/TawafTV.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/mekkah.png" group-title="HTB-Religi",Al Quran Al Kareem 2
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlQuranAlKareem/sa_dash_vmx/AlQuranAlKareem.mpd




#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/muslimtv.png" group-title="HTB-Religi",Muslim TV
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCMuslim/sa_da




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ASTRO" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/9/96/Naura_Channel_125_Logo.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/300?cb =20190108161305",Naura HD
http://50.7.161.82:8278/streams/d/Naura/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ASTRO" tvg-logo="https://static.wikia.nocookie.net/logopedia/images/5/55/501.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/273?cb =20200520200333",Astro Awani
http://50.7.161.82:8278/streams/d/Awani/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ASTRO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/jJIhUMH.png",Astro Prima
http://50.7.161.82:8278/Prima/playlist.m3u8?tid=m66d73ad88c4618200591&ct=17910&tsum=ffe8e7c92dfedfca0b35c46d14eb0afc
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="ASTRO" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/3Htuqvj.png",CGTN
http://cgntv-glive.ofsdelivery.net/live/_definst_/cgntv_jp/chunklist_w1219776010.m3u8




#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5be1be871843b56328bc3ef1/colorLogoPNG.png",Action Sports
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5be1be871843b56328bc3ef1/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5d1ce51dbaca4afdb7abfe5f/colorLogoPNG.png",Pluto TV Surf
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5d1ce51dbaca4afdb7abfe5f/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5dc2a961bac1f70009ca7524/colorLogoPNG.png",Unbeaten Esports
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5dc2a961bac1f70009ca7524/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5e1452156c07b50009d0230e/colorLogoPNG.png",Strongman
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5e1452156c07b50009d0230e/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5e8b0c92783b3f0007a4c7df/colorLogoPNG.png",Pluto TV Fitness
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5e8b0c92783b3f0007a4c7df/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5e8b0d10e186bf0007e2b100/colorLogoPNG.png",Pluto TV Yoga
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5e8b0d10e186bf0007e2b100/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5f760c3d41aa2d0007bfde19/colorLogoPNG.png",Auto Motor Sport
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f760c3d41aa2d0007bfde19/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5f8ecfb9db6c180007a6d1b0/colorLogoPNG.png",WPT
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f8ecfb9db6c180007a6d1b0/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5f8ed327f9e9b0000761141e/colorLogoPNG.png",Pluto TV Extr閿歮e
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f8ed327f9e9b0000761141e/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5ca1e0ee50be2571e393ad33/colorLogoPNG.png",ESR 24/7
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5ca1e0ee50be2571e393ad33/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5d4af39510fd17b31a528eda/colorLogoPNG.png",Pluto TV Fishing
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5d4af39510fd17b31a528eda/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5d7677fa2ec536ce1d587eeb/colorLogoPNG.png",Pluto TV Sports
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5d7677fa2ec536ce1d587eeb/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5f1ac8588734f8000823b7de/colorLogoPNG.png",Pluto TV Action Sports
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f1ac8588734f8000823b7de/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5ad9b7aae738977e2c312132/colorLogoPNG.png",World Poker Tour
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5ad9b7aae738977e2c312132/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5ad9bb941b95267e225e59c2/colorLogoPNG.png",Pluto TV Sports
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5ad9bb941b95267e225e59c2/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5ad9bda9fd87eb3a2717cce0/colorLogoPNG.png",Pluto TV Fight
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5ad9bda9fd87eb3a2717cce0/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5ad9be1be738977e2c312134/colorLogoPNG.png",Glory Kickboxing
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5ad9be1be738977e2c312134/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 7" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5f5bd7fb15c9a300077ee52a/colorLogoPNG.png",Gameplay: Sports
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5f5bd7fb15c9a300077ee52a/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5fac425f949b4600079938f3/colorLogoPNG.png",Pluto TV Boxing
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5fac425f949b4600079938f3/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5fac431fc1ffbc0007e6b6a7/colorLogoPNG.png",Pluto TV Pro Wrestling
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5fac431fc1ffbc0007e6b6a7/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5fc54366b04b2300072e31af/colorLogoPNG.png",PokerGo
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5fc54366b04b2300072e31af/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5ad8d659fd87eb3a2717afc9/colorLogoPNG.png",Pluto TV Fight
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5ad8d659fd87eb3a2717afc9/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5ad8d6f5e738977e2c310949/colorLogoPNG.png",Glory Kickboxing
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5ad8d6f5e738977e2c310949/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5bd81b1053ed2c6334ea0856/colorLogoPNG.png",Strongman
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5bd81b1053ed2c6334ea0856/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel


#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5ced7d5df64be98e07ed47b6/colorLogoPNG.png",NFL Channel
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5ced7d5df64be98e07ed47b6/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5d486bed428fe37d8cadba45/colorLogoPNG.png",PursuitUP
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5d486bed428fe37d8cadba45/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5db867744f229f0009266784/colorLogoPNG.png",Pluto TV Action Sports
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5db867744f229f0009266784/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5de94dacb394a300099fa22a/colorLogoPNG.png",PGA TOUR
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5de94dacb394a300099fa22a/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5df975e2b27cf5000921c102/colorLogoPNG.png",beIN SPORTS XTRA
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5df975e2b27cf5000921c102/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5e66968a70f34c0007d050be/colorLogoPNG.png",MLB
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5e66968a70f34c0007d050be/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5e9f2c05172a0f0007db4786/colorLogoPNG.png",CBS Sports HQ
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5e9f2c05172a0f0007db4786/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5ebc8688f3697d00072f7cf8/colorLogoPNG.png",Bellator MMA
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5ebc8688f3697d00072f7cf8/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5417a212ff9fba68282fbf5e/colorLogoPNG.png",GLORY Kickboxing
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5417a212ff9fba68282fbf5e/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/56340779a738201b4ccfeac9/colorLogoPNG.png",Pluto TV Sports
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/56340779a738201b4ccfeac9/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5812b0f2237a6ff45d16c3f9/colorLogoPNG.png",Fight
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5812b0f2237a6ff45d16c3f9/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/59b722526996084038c01e1b/colorLogoPNG.png",IMPACT Wrestling
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/59b722526996084038c01e1b/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | FOX SPORT" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5a74b8e1e22a61737979c6bf/colorLogoPNG.png",FOX Sports
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5a74b8e1e22a61737979c6bf/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="HTB | SPORT 6" tvg-logo="https://images.pluto.tv/channels/5cabdf1437b88b26947346b2/colorLogoPNG.png",Pluto TV Backcountry
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5cabdf1437b88b26947346b2/master.m3u8?deviceId=channel&deviceModel=web&deviceVersion=1.0&appVersion=1.0&deviceType=rokuChannel&deviceMake=rokuChannel&deviceDNT=1&advertisingId=channel&embedPartner=rokuChannel&appName=rokuchannel&is_lat=1&bmodel=bm1&content=channel&platform=web&tags=ROKU_CONTENT_TAGS&coppa=false&content_type=livefeed&rdid=channel&genre=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_GENRE&content_rating=ROKU_ADS_CONTENT_RATING&studio_id=viacom&channel_id=channel


#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://imgur.com/gallery/ceU4rq0.png",Aziz HTB YouTube Channel
https://archive.org/download/MurotalMR/055.mp3
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://thumbs2.imgbox.com/46/fd/DSQoDBVv_t.jpg",TVRI Sports
http://wpc.d1627.nucdn.net/80D1627/o-tvri/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRI4)/Stream(03)/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/gg/golf_channel_us.png",Golf hd
http://edge.linknetott.swiftserve.com/live/BSgroup/amlst:hich/chunklist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/t_sports.png",T Sports
https://live-k2301-kbp.1plus1.video/sport/smil:sport.smil/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ff/fight_box_hd.png",FightBox
https://live-k2302-kbp.1plus1.video/sport/smil:sport.smil/chunklist_b6000000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="http://dusktill.masuk.web.id/img/seatoday.png",STD Sport
https://stadiumlivein-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/522512/mux_4/master_2000k.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/ee/eleven-sports-1-portugal-uk-pt.png",Eleven Sports 1 HD
http://207.110.52.61:8080/s/hls/5/3570/eleven_sports_1_355/1/1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e4/PTV_Sports.png",PTV HD
http://207.110.52.61:8080/s/hls/5/872/tvp_sport_254/1/1/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7rMSG1H/rusia.png",SKY
http://skylivesky-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/569780/skylive/sky1_extreme@569780.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/7rMSG1H/rusia.png",CANNAL SPORTS
http://207.110.52.61:8080/s/hls/5/293/canal_plus_sport_polska_250/1/1/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/36/2c/df/362cdf027667b94febe879732352ec3b.png",UFC  ( Mynetqu.id )
https://stadiumlivein-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/522512/mux_4/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/dubaisports1.png",DUBAI SPORTS 1
https://dmitnthvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisports/smil:dubaisports.smil/chunklist_b1600000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/dubaisports1.png",DUBAI SPORTS 2
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisportshd/smil:dubaisportshd.smil/chunklist_b1600000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/dubaisports1.png",DUBAI SPORTS 3
https://dmitwlvvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubaisportshd5/smil:dubaisportshd5.smil/chunklist_b1600000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/adsports1.png",ABU DHABI SPORTS 1
https://admdn1.cdn.mangomolo.com/adsports1/smil:adsports1.stream.smil/chunklist_b4000000_t64MTA4MHA=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/adsports2.png",ABU DHABI SPORTS 2
https://admdn5.cdn.mangomolo.com/adsports2/smil:adsports2.stream.smil/chunklist_b4000000_t64MTA4MHA=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/adsports3.png",ABU DHABI SPORTS 3
http://admdn3.cdn.mangomolo.com/adsports3/smil:adsports3.stream.smil/chunklist_b4000000_t64MTA4MHA=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7NeBmWX.jpg",Red Bull TV (1080p)
https://dms.redbull.tv/v3/linear-borb/eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJjYXRlZ29yeSI6InBlcnNvbmFsX2NvbXB1dGVyIiwiY291bnRyeV9jb2RlIjoidXMiLCJleHBpcmVzIjoiMjAxNy0wOS0xNlQxNzo0NjowMy45NjM0NjI4NDJaIiwib3NfZmFtaWx5IjoiaHR0cCIsInJlbW90ZV9pcCI6IjEwLjE1Ny4xMTIuMTQ4IiwidWEiOiJNb3ppbGxhLzUuMCAoTWFjaW50b3NoOyBJbnRlbCBNYWMgT1MgWCAxMF8xMl81KSBBcHBsZVdlYktpdC82MDMuMi40IChLSFRNTCwgbGlrZSBHZWNrbykgVmVyc2lvbi8xMC4xLjEgU2FmYXJpLzYwMy4yLjQiLCJ1aWQiOiJkOGZiZWYzMC0yZDhhLTQwYTUtOGNjNy0wNzgxNGJhMTliNzMifQ.Q_38FNpW3so5yrA5FQt9qBuix3dTulKpb6uQ0dRjrtY/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7NeBmWX.jpg",Red Bull TV (1080p)
https://i.mjh.nz/au/Canberra/tv.redbull.tv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7NeBmWX.jpg",Red Bull TV (1080p)
https://i.mjh.nz/au/Melbourne/tv.redbull.tv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7NeBmWX.jpg",Red Bull TV (1080p)
https://i.mjh.nz/nz/tv.redbull.tv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://i.imgur.com/7NeBmWX.jpg",Red Bull TV (1080p)
https://rbmn-live.akamaized.net/hls/live/590964/BoRB-AT/master_1660.m3u8?xtreamiptv.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/d/dc/Logotipo_TNT_Sports.png",TNT Sports 2 Brasil
https://glxlmn026c.singularcdn.net.br/playout_02/playlist-720p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/d/dc/Logotipo_TNT_Sports.png",TNT Sports 2 Brasil
https://glxlmn026c.singularcdn.net.br/playout_03/playlist-720p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/d/dc/Logotipo_TNT_Sports.png",TNT Sports 2 Brasil
https://glxlmn026c.singularcdn.net.br/playout_04/playlist-720p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/pt/d/dc/Logotipo_TNT_Sports.png",TNT Sports 2 Brasil
https://glxlmn026c.singularcdn.net.br/playout_05/playlist-720p.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.beinsportsxtra.com/images/icons/logo/beIN-SPORTS-XTRA_LOGO.png",beIN Sports Xtra
https://service-stitcher.clusters.pluto.tv:443/stitch/hls/channel/5df975e2b27cf5000921c102/master.m3u8?deviceType=web&deviceMake=Opera&deviceModel=Opera&sid=855d6801-c912-428d-b620-ede4dd0c3b15&deviceId=b702181a-c1d6-4ee2-9481-753f471e2ce7&deviceVersion=66.0.3515.44&appVersion=2.9.3-b879e400d5df7a969d4bff8863fe5cb02c7120e6&deviceDNT=0&userId=&advertisingId=&deviceLat=40.8364&deviceLon=-74.1403&app_name=&appName=web&buildVersion=&appStoreUrl=&architecture=&includeExtendedEvents=false&serverSideAds=tr
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://www.lyngsat.com/logo/tv/tt/tnt-sports-us.png",TNT SPORT WORLD
https://a.jsrdn.com/broadcast/ab14783a09/+0000/high/c.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS",SKY SPORT 24
https://skyanywhere3-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/510697/interactive/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS",EDGE SPORT
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/d4zeSI-dTuqizFrByjs3OA/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://picon-13398.kxcdn.com/ksport2.jpg",K-Sport 2
http://93.157.62.180/KSport2/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://picon-13398.kxcdn.com/ksport3.jpg",K-Sport 3
http://93.157.62.180/KSport3/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://picon-13398.kxcdn.com/ksport4.jpg",K-Sport 4
http://93.157.62.180/KSport4/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS",CANAL 11
https://d2ve4fchffi4n1.cloudfront.net/out/v1/df356edd16f3434ab417f2c48cb1d516/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS",ELEVEN SPORTS 2 HD
http://207.110.52.61:8080/s/hls/5/9335/eleven_sports_2_303/1/1/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS",ASTRAKHAN RU
http://streaming.astrakhan.ru/astrakhanrusporthd/tracks-v2a1/index.m3u8?q=?seg-user-zona-iptv.ru-v1-a1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS",VIASAT SPORT
http://myott.top/stream/DHMU2PPUTSS/333.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS",SWISS SPORT TV
https://cdn02.upstream-cloud.ch/sstvlinear/ngrp:sstvlinear_all/chunklist_w1922077967_b2628000.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS",RUGBY MEN'S SEVEN
https://esmhls1-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/510580/hls1/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS",RUGBY WOMEN'S SEVEN
https://esmhls2-i.akamaihd.net/hls/live/510581/hls2/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS",Tvp Sports
http://207.110.52.61:8080/s/hls/5/872/tvp_sport_254/1/1/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=gelow74
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/x8N2V4N1/20200410-231601.jpg",Sport5 HD
http://91.126.141.13:1935/live/61/1800-def.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="SPORTS" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/x8N2V4N1/20200410-231601.jpg",CUATRO HD
http://91.126.141.13:1935/live/51/1800-def.m3u8


//SPORTS
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTxk46HkJ0Dbo7k4SuxRllrtfRj9F7MxlS-4g&usqp=CAU" group-title="Sports",BEIN SPORTS 1 ID
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.manifest_type=mpd 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MrBein1/sa_dash_vmx/MrBein1.mpd
#SPORTS#
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://imgur.com/gallery/ceU4rq0.png",Aziz HTB Channel
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://1000logos.net/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/Eurosport-Logo-500x313.jpg" group-title="Sports",EUROSPORT 1 FR
http://217.23.4.81:86/Eurosport_HD/index.m3u8?token=test
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://1000logos.net/wp-content/uploads/2020/10/Eurosport-Logo-500x313.jpg" group-title="Sports",EUROSPORT 2 FR
http://168.119.69.149:86/Eurosport_2_HD/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8?token=test
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://www.seekpng.com/png/detail/52-523322_fox-sports-logo-png-fox-sports.png" group-title="Sports", Fox Sport News
https://austchannel-live.akamaized.net/hls/live/2002736/austchannel-sport/master.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://imgur.com/gallery/ceU4rq0.png",ESPN 4K
http://xcui.vitvabc.xyz:8880/287994000027/287994000027/31034?checkedby:iptvcat.com
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://imgur.com/gallery/ceU4rq0.png",ESPN 2 HD
http://xcui.vitvabc.xyz:8880/287994000027/287994000027/31140?checkedby:iptvcat.com
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Sports" tvg-logo="https://imgur.com/gallery/ceU4rq0.png",Astro Arena
http://50.7.161.82:8278/streams/d/arena_pye/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQJpWGXpTZgLtGsmHhKZFWzurOdVtMBVCMOxw&usqp=CAU" group-title="Sports",BEIN SPORTS 2 ID
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.manifest_type=mpd 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeIN2s/sa_dash_vmx/BeIN2s.mpd
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-country="UN" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQnVPsWX3ZUqdJr4fn28h0kwyRqJiN_uwcEbA&usqp=CAU" group-title="Sports" ,LookSport Plus
https://stream1.1616.ro:1945/lookplus/livestream/playlist.m3u8?wowzatokenhash=NqSD4qaHc94SbTW05NBB-lXC78ZiAOIbnbUBOHj1DAM=&checkedby:iptvcat.com
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-country="UN" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQnVPsWX3ZUqdJr4fn28h0kwyRqJiN_uwcEbA&usqp=CAU" group-title="Sports" ,LookSport
https://stream1.1616.ro:1945/look/livestream/playlist.m3u8?wowzatokenhash=NqSD4qaHc94SbTW05NBB-lXC78ZiAOIbnbUBOHj1DAM=&checkedby:iptvcat.com
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-country="UN" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQnVPsWX3ZUqdJr4fn28h0kwyRqJiN_uwcEbA&usqp=CAU" group-title="Sports" ,LookSport 2
https://stream1.1616.ro:1945/looksport2/livestream/chunklist_w1538106197.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-country="UN" tvg-logo="https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcQnVPsWX3ZUqdJr4fn28h0kwyRqJiN_uwcEbA&usqp=CAU" group-title="Sports" ,LookSport 3
https://stream1.1616.ro:1945/looksport3/livestream/chunklist_w64015557.m3u8
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.postimg.cc/28bRpyWG/download.jpg" group-title="Sports",SPOTV (UNIFY)
https://unifi-live05.secureswiftcontent.com/UnifiHD/live11.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/mncsports.png" group-title="Sports",MNC Sports
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="https://i.ibb.co/PQQfDt9/tsh.png" group-title="Sports",Fight Sports
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="" tvg-name="" tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/soccerchannel.png" group-title="Sports",Soccer Channel
https://liveanevia.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="WorldSports2",POL | ELEVEN SPORTS 1 HD
http://207.110.52.61:8080/s/hls/5/3570/eleven_sports_1_355/1/1/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="WorldSports2",POL | ELEVEN SPORTS 2 HD
http://207.110.52.61:8080/s/hls/5/9335/eleven_sports_2_303/1/1/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8
#EXTINF:0 tvg-id="ext" group-title="WorldSports2",RUS | ASTRAKHAN RU
http://streaming.astrakhan.ru/astrakhanrusporthd/tracks-v2a1/index.m3u8?q=?seg-user-zona-iptv.ru-v1-a1.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/adsports1.png" group-title="SPORTS1", ABU DHABI SPORTS 1
https://admdn1.cdn.mangomolo.com/adsports1/smil:adsports1.stream.smil/chunklist_b4000000_t64MTA4MHA=.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="http://kamiselaluada.com/img/adsports2.png" group-title="SPORTS1", ABU DHABI SPORTS 2
https://admdn5.cdn.mangomolo.com/adsports2/smil:adsports2.stream.smil/chunklist_b4000000_t64MTA4MHA=.m3u8
